Detectia 1:


Detectia 2:


Detectia 3:


Detectia 4:


Detectia 5:


Detectia 6:


Detectia 7:


Detectia 8:


Detectia 9:
syntax allows you to put the argument in as a placeholder without
using it. The idea is that you might want to change the function
definition to use the placeholder later, without changing all the
code where the function is called. Of course, you can accomplish
the same thing by using a named argument, but if you define the
argument for the function body without using it, most compilers
will give you a warning message, assuming you're made a logical
error. By intentionally leaving the argument name out, you
suppress this warning.

More important, if you start out using a function argument and
later decide that you dont need it, you can effectively remove it
Whom generating wamjngs, and yet not disturh any client code
V!/V tlw rwavious version of the iu1i(i10Y1

Detectia 10:
syntax allows you to put the argument in as a placeholder without
using it. The idea is that you might want to change the function
definition to use the placeholder later, without changing all the
code where the function is called. Of course, you can accomplish
the some thing by using a named argument, but if you define the
argument for the function body without using it, most compilers
will give you a waming message, assuming you've made a logical
error. By intentionally leaving the argument name out, you
suppress this warning.

More important, if you start out using a function argument and
later decide that you dont need it, you can effectively remove it
without generating warnings, and yet not disturb any client code

at... .l1:.mtlm nrnvious version of the function

Detectia 11:
mmwious version of the function

Detectia 12:


Detectia 13:


Detectia 14:


Detectia 15:


Detectia 16:


Detectia 17:


Detectia 18:


Detectia 19:


Detectia 20:


Detectia 21:


Detectia 22:


Detectia 23:


Detectia 24:


Detectia 25:


Detectia 26:


Detectia 27:


Detectia 28:


Detectia 29:


Detectia 30:


Detectia 31:


Detectia 32:


Detectia 33:


